"Hawaii Mac Salad",,"noimage.jpeg",,"Cook macaroni and drain. Put in large bowl./nWhile still hot, add vinegar, carrot, onion. Toss well. Let cool 10-15 minutes./nIn separate bowl, whisk mayo, milk, and sugar. Fold into macaroni until all noodles evenly cated. Add salt/pepper to taste./nCover and refridgerate for at least 4 hours. Gently stir before serving. Add more milk if needed",,"1/2 lb macaroni,1 Tbsp apple cider vinegar,1 shredded carrot,1/8 cup shredded onion,1.25 cups mayonaise (230g),1/8 cup milk (2 tsp heavy cream powder),1 tsp sugar, salt, pepper"
"Rotisserie Ham",,"noimage.jpeg",,"Bring everything to boil./nLower heat to medium-high and reduce by 1/3 volume; about 4-6 minutes./nRemove from heat. Stir in butter./nBrush ham. Keep browning while cooking./nHam needs to reach 140 degrees Farenheiht internal temp at thickest part.",,"7-9 lbs turkey,1 can pineapple(20 oz) undrained,1 cup packed brown sugar,1/4 tsp ground cloves,1Tbsp dijon mustard,1Tbsp salted butter"
"Rafute",,"noimage.jpeg",,"Place pork belly in a large pot(skin side up). Add cold water just enough to cover. Bring to boil for 1 minute and discard water./n Rinse both pork and pot, fill pot with water and boil pork again while skimming off foam. Reduce heat to simmer and cook uncovered for 1 - 1.5 hours. As water evaporates, add enough water to keep pork covered./nBoil 4 cups of water in a separate pot. Add 2 cups of dried bonito flakes./nLet it simmer for 15 seconds. Turn off the heat and set aside./nSlice the ginger and cut into julienne strips. Soak them in water for 10-15 minutes to remove some spiciness. Drain well and set aside for garnishing later./n After 1 to 1.5 hours of cooking pork belly, transfer the pork to a plate and cover with foil to keep it from drying. Let it cool until you can touch to slice./nSlice pork into 2-3 cm thick strips. Add sliced pork into pot./n In the pot, add awamori, black sugar, and 3 Tbsp soy sauce./n Mix the liquid and make sure the pork belly is covered with the sauce. Bring it to a gentle simmer and skim off any foam. Cover the pot and cook over medium low heat for 1 hour./n After 1 hour, add 3 Tbsp soy sauce, and cook for 30 minutes./n After 30 minutes, add 2 Tbsp soy sauce and cook until pork is tender and fat is gelatinous, roughly 15 minutes. Serve the pork belly on a plate and pour braising liquid. Garnish with ginger slices. Enjoy rafute with rice and vegetables.",,"3 lb pork belly,6 cups water, 3 cups dried bonito flakes,1.5 cup awamori (substitute with sake or vodka),3/4 black sugar(muscovado), 8 Tbsp soy sauce, 1.5 knob ginger"